"He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever." - Chinese proverb.
"Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." - Chinese proverb.
"Do not desire to hurt others in the depths of your heart." - Chinese proverb.
"When reading, don’t let a single word escape your attention; one word may be worth a thousand pieces of gold." - Chinese proverb.
"Blame yourself as you blame others; forgive others as you forgive yourself." - Chinese proverb.
"A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song." - Chinese proverb.
"Once one is a teacher, one becomes a parent for life." - Chinese proverb.
"An inch of time is an inch of gold but you can't buy that inch of time with an inch of gold." - Chinese proverb.
"One who is wise enough to secure the good of others has secured his own." - Chinese proverb.
"A smile will gain you ten more years of life." - Chinese proverb.
"The only thing we should be afraid of is stopping completely." - Chinese proverb.
"Don’t listen to what they say. Go see." - Chinese proverb.
"Wise men may be learned. Learned men may not be wise." - Chinese proverb.
"A man who cannot tolerate small misfortunes can never accomplish great things." - Chinese proverb.
"Pearls don’t lie on the seashore. If you want one, you must dive for it." - Chinese proverb.
"You will reach your destination even though you travel slowly." - Icelandic proverb.
"Better it is to have a lower position in life and be free than to have a position of power only to be subject to the will of another." - 'The Saga Of Olaf Haraldsson'.
"Age makes many a man whiter, but not better." - Danish proverb.
"When men meet foes in fight, better is stout heart than sharp sword." - 'Volsunga'.
"The way you make your bed, is the way you shall lie." - Swedish proverb.
"Mediocrity is climbing molehills without sweating." - Icelandic proverb.
"A wound never heals so well that the scar cannot be seen." - Danish proverb.
"If a man knew where he would fall, he would spread straw there first." - Finnish proverb.
"You can give a piece of advice, but not good luck along with it." - Norwegian proverb.
"It’s too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted." - Norwegian proverb.
"Wrath often consumes what God gives husbands." - Icelandic proverb.
"If a blind man leads another, they both fall together." - Swedish proverb.
"He is little suited to be a baker, whose head is made of butter." - Danish proverb.
"Too much ale and a man’s heart is laid open for all to see." - 'The Saga Of Olaf Haraldsson'.
"Short is the life of the proud." - 'The Saga Of Hrafnkel Freysgothi'.
"Not to feel one’s misfortunes is not human, not to bear them is not manly." - Roman proverb.
"Where there are two friends with one purse, one sings, the other weeps." - Spanish proverb.
"One fool may ask more questions than seven wise men can answer." - German proverb.
"A danger foreseen is half avoided." - English proverb.
"Rather have a little one for your friend, than a great one for your enemy." - Italian proverb.
"Tell your friend your secret, and he will set his foot on your neck." - Spanish proverb.
"Woe to the stranger when trouble comes, for there will be no friend to take his part." - Irish proverb.
"The best things in life are free." - English proverb.
"Beware of an oak, it draws the stroke; avoid an ash, it counts the flash; creep under the thorn, it can save you from harm." - Dutch proverb.
"A sheep’s bite is never more than skin deep." - Italian proverb.
"Nothing looks more like a man of sense than a fool who holds his tongue." - German proverb.
"By blackening another you do not whiten yourself." - Romanian proverb.
"Throwing your cap at a bird is not the way to catch it." - Portuguese proverb.
"Speaking without thought is like shooting without taking aim." - Spanish proverb.
"Speak well of your friend; of your enemy, neither well nor ill." - Italian proverb.
"It is no excuse for sin if we have sinned for the sake of a friend." - Roman proverb.
"A lazy shepherd is a wolf’s friend." - Welsh proverb.
"Prosperity comes through vigilance, energy, and wise counsel." - Roman proverb.
"In times of prosperity friends will be plenty, in times of adversity, not one in twenty." - English proverb.
"One has always strength enough to bear the misfortunes of one’s friends." - French proverb.
"Surely the worth of a man lies in two of his smallest parts – his heart and his tongue." - Egyptian proverb.
"The rain is not a friend to anyone, whether rich or poor, good or evil." - Yoruban proverb.
"Three things in the world worth having: courage, good sense, caution." - Hausa proverb.
"A proud heart can survive a general failure because such a failure does not prick its pride." - African proverb.
"The old woman looks after the child to grow its teeth and the young one, in turn, looks after the old woman when she loses her teeth." - Akan proverb.
"A family is like a forest, when you are outside it is dense, when you are inside you see that each tree has its place." - African proverb.
"Crawling on hands and knees has never prevented anyone from walking upright." - Kenyan proverb.
"As soon as the monkey has climbed a tree, it will start abusing from its elevated position." - Namibian proverb.
"A child’s lie is like a dead fish in a pond that in the end, always comes to the surface, explains his mother." - Luo proverb.
"A man’s greatest support is not the gods but his own two arms." - Yoruban proverb.
"A man in this world without learning is as a beast of the field." - Indian proverb.
"He who has knowledge has power." - Persian proverb.
"Labor is bitter but the bread it buys is sweet." - Indian proverb.
"By committing foolish acts, one learns wisdom." - Singhalese proverb.
"If you forsake a certainty and depend on an uncertainty, you will lose both the certainty and the uncertainty." - Indian proverb.
"Those who know do not speak, those who speak do not know." - Japanese proverb.
"You can often find in a river what you cannot find in the ocean." - Indian proverb.
"When you’re thirsty it’s too late to think about digging a well." - Japanese proverb.
"Life is not a series of pleasant choices, but of problems that call for strength, determination, and hard work." - Indian proverb.
"Once I had strength but no wisdom; now I have wisdom but no strength." - Persian proverb.
"The fear of the Lord is hatred of evil. Pride and arrogance and the way of evil and perverted speech I hate." - Proverbs 8:13.
"Whoever oppresses a poor man insults his Maker, but he who is generous to the needy honors him." - Proverbs 14:31.
"Fret not yourself because of evildoers, and be not envious of the wicked, for the evil man has no future; the lamp of the wicked will be put out." - Proverbs 24:19–20.
"Whoever brings blessing will be enriched, and one who waters will himself be watered." - Proverbs 11:25.
"One who is full loathes honey, but to one who is hungry, everything bitter is sweet." - Proverbs 27:7.
"Like a muddied spring or a polluted fountain is a righteous man who gives way before the wicked." - Proverbs 25:26.
"Open your mouth for the mute, for the rights of all who are destitute. Open your mouth, judge righteously, defend the rights of the poor and needy." - Proverbs 31:8–9.
"My son, do not despise the Lord’s discipline or be weary of his reproof, for the Lord reproves him whom he loves, as a father the son in whom he delights." - Proverbs 3:11–12.
"Whoever is slow to anger is better than the mighty, and he who rules his spirit than he who takes a city." - Proverbs 16:3.
"All the days of the afflicted are evil, but the cheerful of heart has a continual feast." - Proverbs 15:15.
"Whoever works his land will have plenty of bread, but he who follows worthless pursuits lacks sense." - Proverbs 12:11.
"Gracious words are like a honeycomb, sweetness to the soul and health to the body." - Proverbs 16:24.
"The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge; fools despise wisdom and instruction." - Proverbs 1:7.
"Rescue those who are being taken away to death; hold back those who are stumbling to the slaughter." - Proverbs 24:11.
"Death and life are in the power of the tongue, and those who love it will eat its fruits." - Proverbs 18:21.
"When words are many, transgression is not lacking, but whoever restrains his lips is prudent." - Proverbs 10:19.
"Do not wear yourself out to get rich; have the wisdom to show restraint. Cast but a glance at riches, and they are gone, for they will surely sprout wings and fly off to the sky like an eagle." - Proverbs 23:4–5.
"Whoever walks in integrity walks securely, but he who makes his ways crooked will be found out." - Proverbs 10:9.
"There is one whose rash words are like sword thrusts, but the tongue of the wise brings healing." - Proverbs 12:18.
"A man without self-control is like a city broken into and left without walls." - Proverbs 25:28.
"The same dog that bit you in the morning will bite you in the evening." - Jamaican proverb.
"He who never visits your home does not want you to visit his." - Mexican proverb.
"If you go to bed without supper, you will rise without having slept." - Yiddish proverb.
"The hunter does not rub himself in oil and lie by the fire to sleep." - Nigerian proverb.
"The chameleon changes color to match the earth; the earth doesn’t change color to match the chameleon." - West African proverb.
"Tell me and I’ll forget; show me, and I may not remember; involve me, and I’ll learn." - Native American proverb.
"Do not wrong or hate your neighbor for it is not he that you wrong but yourself." - Native American proverb.
"Some people put the best outside, some keep the best inside." - Jamaican proverb.
"Don’t be too sweet lest you be eaten up; don’t be too bitter lest you be spewed out." - Yiddish proverb.
"Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you." - Maori proverb.
"The one who cares for the tree must also care for its branches." - Mexican proverb.
